Misunderstandings are all misunderstandings
I just need to go to the bathroom
Ah!
Xu Feng, no
The owner is all my fault
Give me a break.
Give me another chance.
Husband, I was wrong.
Zhao Tianhua forced me
He insists on being with him
Please don't be angry.
Master, please spare Qinger
He now knows he was wrong.
You will serve you well in the future.
I said I would let all of you
Zhao Jiarong's family persecuted our Tianchengjie shopkeeper's family
Guo Jing, you betrayed the owner
None of you can escape today
Come and take a few of them out of you today.
Wow, wow, wow.
Please forgive us.
Wow, wow, do you believe me?
Give me a break.
Mom and Dad
I said I wouldn't let you down